
FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS


1. 3rd Party Integrations:
This functional requirement focuses on optimizing business processes and offering users on your website flexible payment options. Choosing the appropriate third-party integrations for your website will structure it and make it prepared for future business growth.
2. Mobile Responsive:
The majority of visitors to the website today come from mobile devices, particularly smartphones. Future growth of the population is inevitable. Therefore, spending money to create a mobile-responsive website might pay off in more ways than one. Additionally, the consumer base will become more devoted to you.
3. Product Attributes:
The PDP will include different types of product characteristics such as choice of color/size, gender , appearance of product attributes in the menu, product quantity and availability for the buyers.
4. Order & Checkout Flow:
It is important to mention how the orders will be processed in your e-commerce store such as: Purchase processing of visitors as a registered user or just a guest; B2B order management; etc.
Inclusion of discounted products, coupons policy and their handled process.
5. Social Sharing:
Having a social media presence is crucial for any e-commerce firm. Allowing a user to share material from your website on a social media platform will raise brand awareness and bring you and your consumers closer together.By including a matching button to their website, you may encourage your customers to share your goods, blog posts, and motivational images.
6.Sales Boosting
The e-commerce website/app must include a section system dedicated towards boosting the sales of the selling customer. The system will function using data analysis of the general user and suggestions will be made with the requirement of monthly fee. 
The website/app must also have a “suggestion” option for the buyer customer to check out products based on what they usually search for/ buy on the website.


7. Delivery System:
The website/app must have a delivering system upon purchase of products from the platform, either provided by the platform or the customer seller themselves, in a manner to boost sales and lower inconvenience of the platform.
